Clarify whcih types of endpoints are allowed (#638)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/model_registry/automation.md

The following sections describe how to create an automation with webhooks and W&B Launch.

## Create a webhook automation 
Automate a webhook based on an action with the W&B App UI. To do this, first establish a webhook, then configure the webhook automation. 

:::info

> You can specify any endpoint for your webhook that has an Address record (A record). W&B does not support connecting to endpoints that are exposed directly with IP addresses such as `[0-255].[0-255].[0-255].[0.255]` or endpoints exposed as `localhost`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must specify an endpoint for your webhook that has an Address record (A record). W&B does not support connecting to endpoints that are exposed directly with IP addresses, such as `[0-255].[0-255].[0-255].[0.255]`, or endpoints exposed as `localhost`. This is to protect against SSRF vulnerability and other related threat vectors.
```
for vis - we will be doing an input validation that just checks if format is not ipv4 - [thread](https://weightsandbiases.slack.com/archives/C05754EPT26/p1711490901277179?thread_ts=1711378801.397669&cid=C05754EPT26). 

Added that this is for security considerations
